Android Studio Project Folder Structure 

App contains:
manifests - defines the app in an XML format including its essential
	resources and OS capabilities/permissions.
	
java - is the source code that implements the functionality of the 
	program that is specific to the program.  This is at least 
	driving and coordinating the User Interface and Android Activities.
	These sources files are a part of Java packages. 
	
res - the resources that are used for an Android App, including but 
	not limited to, images, audio and video, that are a part of an app.
	Layouts, which are used to define how the view elements are 
	presented on the screen.  Values, which defines colors, strings, 
	and styles used in the app, in an XML file that can be easily 
	updated in one place to change these values throughout the entire 
	app.  And finally, mipmaps, a special drawable folder where icon
	images are stored in multiple resolutions, allowing the androiod 
	application framework, depending on context to choose the resolution
	it prefers. 
		
	
Gradle Scripts contains
	build.gradel, settings.gradle, local.properties, and other files 
	that are used by Gradle, the Android Stuido build system. 
	
	
	
Essential Adroid Project Vocabulary

Activities 
	A single screen in an Android User Interface used by the user to
	accomplish some 'activity'.

Views
	A rectangular area of screen in which a Java Object is responsible 
	for drawing and event handling within an activity. 

Layouts
	A description in XML of the Views used to make an activity.  It 
	describes the views dimensions, their position relative to each 
	other, their default values, and their place in the view hierarchy.

Services
	A component that runs in the background to perform long running 
	operations without needing to interact with the user.  A service
	runs as a separate process from the main application.

Broadcast Receivers
	Apps or services that respond to broadcast messages posted by other
	application based on events or intents generated by the user. This 
	allows apps to be responsive to events created by other apps.

Content Providers
	An app or service that provides content for other application on 
	request. 

Fragments
	A fragment is a subactivity, allowing for modularity and reusability
	in the design of activities.

Intents
	An intent is an abstract description of an operation that an app
	would like to be performed by a service, or another application. 

Resources
	The data files that are used to provide the look, feel, and speech
	of an application. 
 
Manifests
	An XML file describing the essential resources and OS capabilities/
	permissions for an Androiod App.   Used by both the Android OS, and
	the Google Play Store. 
