IBG Lecture Notes 2018-01-14

Java most used software language in the world.

Javascript used more by Start Ups 

Finance, Insurance, Healthcare, starting to move to Javascript 
and React Developers

Unity course is the Java course IBG's been referring to. 

It's important to use Piazza regularly. IBG is tracking engagement
and participation that way.  Try to average 5 contributions to 
Piazza per day.  Ask questions.  The goal is to  produce answers and 
ask questions.  This helps you to get in the mindset of doing 
support as a part of a professional development job.  In most 
professional environments, you will be both a producer and consumer
of questions and answers. 

Anyone having issues finding anything in Piazza? 
Need SDLC slides, because some form of SDLC is a part of all 
organizations. 

Planning for software development is analgous to building a skyscraper. 

In most environments production will be Agile based, with many short
sprints, in which the customer looks at what you've made after each 
iteration.  Most environments today are using some sort of Agile 
Development.  

Waterfall, no one expects to see features mid way.  Agile uses an
adaptive approach, developers divide up work, work hard for 1 to 2 
weeks, and stop to show customer results after each sprint. 

Customer sees results of each sprint and gives significant feedback 
for each sprint.  Code either works, or doesn't when customers look
at it after each sprint. 

Pros and Cons of Agile processes for development vs Waterfall methods. 

Explain in your own words what each element of the Agile pros and cons
means as homework.  Essentially add annotations to the pros and cons 
based on understanding or research online. At least two sentences per
bullet point. 

Question, how much flexibility is there in terms of deadlines.  It 
depends, sometimes they're flexible, sometimes they're not.  Hardline
deadlines often require extra time commitment to meet.  It is company
and situational development




